Doc 13185 2p9 (#33)
couchbase/docs-operator: modules/ROOT/pages/howto-xdcr.adoc

<.> The correct hostname to use is the remote cluster's console service to provide stable naming and service discovery.
The hostname is calculated as per the xref:howto-client-sdks.adoc#dns-based-addressing[SDK configuration how-to].

> <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication we specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication, specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;. 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

<.> **TLS only:** For TLS connections you need to specify the remote cluster CA certificate in order to verify the remote cluster is trusted.
xref:resource/couchbasecluster.adoc#couchbaseclusters-spec-xdcr-remoteclusters-tls-secret[`couchbaseclusters.spec.xdcr.remoteClusters.tls.secret`] documents the secret format.

> <.> Replications are selected that match the labels we specify, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> Replications are selected that match the labels specified, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

<.> The correct hostname to use is the remote cluster's console service to provide stable naming and service discovery.
The hostname is calculated as per the xref:howto-client-sdks.adoc#dns-based-addressing-with-external-dns[SDK configuration how-to].

> <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication we specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication, specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;. 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

<.> For TLS connections you need to specify the remote cluster CA certificate in order to verify the remote cluster is trusted.
xref:resource/couchbasecluster.adoc#couchbaseclusters-spec-xdcr-remoteclusters-tls-secret[`couchbaseclusters.spec.xdcr.remoteClusters.tls.secret`] documents the secret format.

> <.> Replications are selected that match the labels we specify, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> Replications are selected that match the labels specified, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

== IP Based Addressing

> In this discouraged scenario, there is no shared DNS between 2 Kubernetes clusters - we must use IP based addressing.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  In this discouraged scenario, there is no shared DNS between 2 Kubernetes clusters - it must use IP based addressing.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

Pods are exposed by using Kubernetes `NodePort` type services.
As there is no DNS, TLS is not supported, so security must be maintained between the 2 clusters using a VPN.

When you use NodePorts on a remote Couchbase cluster for XDCR connections, you risk interruptions if Kubernetes deletes and recreates the Service.
Kubernetes does not guarantee that a new Service reuses the same NodePort.
If the port number changes, XDCR connections that rely on the old IP:NodePort become invalid.

The exact outcome depends on the Kubernetes CNI (Container Networking Interface) implementation.
In some cases, Kubernetes removes the old port before it creates the new service, which causes a brief loss of connectivity.
In other cases, Kubernetes creates the new NodePort first, which reduces or avoids downtime.

- Single-node Couchbase cluster: When the node's NodePort changes, XDCR cannot reconnect automatically.

> In this case, you must manually update the replication configuration at couchbaseclusters.spec.xdcr.remoteClusters.hostname with the new IP:NodePort of the Couchbase node.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  In this case, you must manually update the replication configuration at couchbaseclusters.spec.XDCR.remoteClusters.hostname with the new IP:NodePort of the Couchbase node.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * Vale.Terms (error) - Use &#x27;XDCR&#x27; instead of &#x27;xdcr&#x27;.

- Multi-node Couchbase cluster: When a node's NodePort changes, XDCR reconnects to another node that still exposes a valid NodePort.

> However, if XDCR tries to reconnect through the updated node, you may still need to update couchbaseclusters.spec.xdcr.remoteClusters.hostname with the new port.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  However, if XDCR tries to reconnect through the updated node, you may still need to update couchbaseclusters.spec.XDCR.remoteClusters.hostname with the new port.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * Vale.Terms (error) - Use &#x27;XDCR&#x27; instead of &#x27;xdcr&#x27;.

<.> The correct hostname to use.
The hostname is calculated as per the xref:howto-client-sdks.adoc#ip-based-addressing[SDK configuration how-to].

> <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication we specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> As we're not using client certificate authentication, specify a secret containing a username and password on the remote system.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;. 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

> <.> Finally we select replications that match the labels we specify, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> Finally, select replications that match the labels specified, in this instance the ones that go from this cluster to the remote cluster.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [write-good.Weasel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weasel_word) (warning) - &#x27;Finally&#x27; is a weasel word! 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;. 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.

<.> This is an example of replicating only a specific collection `collection1` in scope `scope1`.

> <.> The target keyspace must be of identical size so as we're replicating from a collection we must also specify a target collection.

Reviewer: Automated review comment from Vale and OpenAI using the gpt-4o-mini model:

  ```suggestion
  <.> The target keyspace must be of identical size; as replicating from a collection requires also specifying a target collection.
  ```
  
  Using these Vale rules:
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;. 
  * [Google.We](https://developers.google.com/style/pronouns#personal-pronouns) (warning) - Try to avoid using first-person plural like &#x27;we&#x27;.
